' ' in headers line => ignore or errora
ex.: " header: value" 


	request-line   = method SP request-target SP HTTP-version CRLF

Recipients of an invalid request-line SHOULD respond with either a
   400 (Bad Request) error or a 301 (Moved Permanently) redirect with
   the request-target properly encoded
A server that receives a
   method longer than any that it implements SHOULD respond with a 501
   (Not Implemented) status code.

	status-line = HTTP-version SP status-code SP reason-phrase CRLF
case-sesitive


No whitespace is allowed between the header field-name and colon.  In
   the past, differences in the handling of such whitespace have led to
   security vulnerabilities in request routing and response handling.  A
   server MUST reject any received request message that contains
   whitespace between a header field-name and colon with a response code
   of 400 (Bad Request). A proxy MUST remove any such whitespace from a
   response message before forwarding the message downstream.



A server that receives a request message with a transfer coding it
   does not understand SHOULD respond with 501 (Not Implemented).

A sender MUST NOT send a Content-Length header field in any message
   that contains a Transfer-Encoding header field.


A server MAY send a Content-Length header field in a 304 (Not
   Modified) response to a conditional GET request (Section 4.1 of
   [RFC7232]); a server MUST NOT send Content-Length in such a response
   unless its field-value equals the decimal number of octets that would
      have been sent in the payload body of a 200 (OK) response to the same
      request.

      A server MUST NOT send a Content-Length header field in any response
      with a status code of 1xx (Informational) or 204 (No Content).  A
      server MUST NOT send a Content-Length header field in any 2xx
      (Successful) response to a CONNECT request (Section 4.3.6 of
      [RFC7231]).

If a Transfer-Encoding header field
       is present in a request and the chunked transfer coding is not
       the final encoding, the message body length cannot be determined
       reliably; the server MUST respond with the 400 (Bad Request)
       status code and then close the connection.

